DOCSP-45737: Clarify that users must specify id for bulk inserted docs (#133)
mongodb/docs-pymongo: source/write/bulk-write.txt

To insert multiple documents, create an instance of ``InsertOne`` for each document.

.. note::

>    You must specify the ``_id`` field for each document you insert, otherwise the driver
>    throws a duplicate key error.

Reviewer: Suggestion for clarity / avoiding [comma splice](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/style/punctuation/#commas)

```suggestion
   You must specify a value for the ``_id`` field for each document you insert. If you don't, the driver
   throws a duplicate key error.
```

>    You must specify the ``_id`` field for each document you insert, otherwise the driver
>    throws a duplicate key error.

Reviewer: S:

```suggestion
   You must specify the ``_id`` field for each document you insert, otherwise the driver
   throws a ``DuplicateKeyError``.
```
